Auto primordial status arm the solar
system's firstborn not big enough to
pick a fight for the Sun but big enough
to protect small planets like Earth
whatever the universe slings of me
believe me I can take it all asteroids
comets balls of ice I grab from the
depths of planetary space and absorb
them with little more than a black gash
in my size
just keep in line my plant friends I'll
keep you safe from harm
just keep the line but sometimes in my
10 hour nights I dream upon the four big
means and inside I'm all chaining clouds
and roiling storms and my heart is a 300
year old red vertex spinning from a
story I can't remember
[Music]